Okay,
guys,
um,
welcome back.
Never gonna have a look at deconstructing this profit by day subroutine.
Now,
the code is notice and compact,
which is encouraging,
but we still have distinct elements in there.
If I look here with selected range A six,
we went to the bottom of that range,
hell controlling of two g six and then selected the range down from there.
So this block of code is all to do with capturing or selecting the range of data that we
want to produce our chart from.
So if I moved in to hear the active chart dot parent duck cut is where we cut the charts.
I'm just going to hit a new line.
So the code in the middle is all to do with creating the chart.
Now we had cut sheet one select Do we can change that in a bit.
Change this because we've no dynamically captured the name of our new sheet.
There,
select a five and paste.
So there we have our four distinct areas data capture,
chart creation,
cutting on copying and pasting it into the right cheats on this bit.
Here is where we scaled it.
Okay.
Now What we're gonna do is firstly,
we're gonna build in some more variables and then we're gonna build a string which is very
similar to can Cassin eight in an Excel to replicate this string.
Exactly.
But what we needed to do is be completely dynamic.
So if we have a look at this,
we have this sheet name just here,
so we're gonna need to capture the sheet name.
We also have this range a six to a 466 which works perfectly well on this particular data
set,
but may not be exactly the same on the subsequent data sets.
Perhaps they don't go down Tow line 466 again.
We have the sheet name on there.
We have this G 60 g 466 and again,
it may not be down to 466 So in the next lecture,
we're just gonna have a quick look at building a concatenation string to replicate that.
Precisely.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.